readme.md, before:

Welcome in the Gl Map Editor !!
Here is a short description of the six tools we gave you :
                    ->MOVE<-
With the Move tool you'll be able to select one or few vertices
and move them following the XYZ axes.
                    ->PAINT<-
With the paint tool you'll be able to paint any triangle in the world
with the Binded texture.
                   ->TEXTURE<-
With the texture tools you'll be able to select the texture you want to
apply. All the textures are located in "./res/textures/". You are free
to add any texture the programm will take in parametter.
                ->Lightmap Computer<-
With this tool you will acces the "lightmap compute" menu where you'll be able
to generate lightmap with a ray's density from 10 to 100000. CARE big density
can take a long time depending on your config.
                    ->FPS MODE<-
No more Edition Now YOU are the hero !! Move with ZQSD and jump with Space.
Care to not fall it's deep here.
                    ->Perspective<-
This tool change the perspective of the world


Here are some usefull binding : 
In edition mode : ZQSD to move the caméra
In both mode : hold right click to rotate the caméra

But most important Have fun !!

Commit message:

Add new intro + music + menu

readme.md, after:

Welcome in the Gl Map Editor !!
Here is a short description of the six tools we gave you :
                    ->MOVE<-
With the Move tool you'll be able to select one or few vertices
and move them following the XYZ axes.
                    ->PAINT<-
With the paint tool you'll be able to paint any triangle in the world
with the Binded texture.
                   ->TEXTURE<-
With the texture tools you'll be able to select the texture you want to
apply. All the textures are located in "./res/textures/". You are free
to add any texture the programm will take in parametter.
                ->Lightmap Computer<-
With this tool you will acces the "lightmap compute" menu where you'll be able
to generate lightmap with a ray's density from 10 to 100000. CARE big density
can take a long time depending on your config.
                    ->FPS MODE<-
No more Edition Now YOU are the hero !! Move with ZQSD and jump with Space.
Care to not fall it's deep here.
                    ->Perspective<-
This tool change the perspective of the world


Here are some usefull binding : 
In menu : arrow_up and arrow_down to select menu and enter to comfirm
In edition mode : ZQSD to move the caméra
In both mode : hold right click to rotate the caméra
In both mode : P to activate/desactivate UI

But most important Have fun !!
